normally going into a Star Wars movie we
have a rough idea about which character
is which especially when it came to the
prequel trilogy based on the originals
we knew that this was obi-wan
this is Luke and Leia's mother this is
Liam Neeson this is somehow Darth Vader
this is terrible looking Yoda etc so for
the first time since 1977 we don't know
who the main players are in a Star Wars
movie based on what could be garnered
from the new trailer some potentially
accurate leaked information and
guesswork I'm gonna try and flesh out
who's who in Star Wars The Force awakens
albeit probably not very well also I
should mention possibly spoilers here
I'd recommend that if you want to go
into this movie fresh do not watch this
maybe watch this video instead all right
for everyone else let's get into it john
boyega's character is probably the one
we know the most about the new trailer
seemingly confirms a number of the
rumors that we've heard about him
firstly he's a stormtrooper probably a
TIE fighter pilot possibly one of the
pilots we see taking on the Millennium
Falcon a few things point to this being
the case he's sudden appearance in the
desert looking disorientated this piece
of concept art of a crashed Thai fighter
and this is a bit of a stretch but that
gap in his armor right there
it looks as if possibly the standard
pilot life-support system could just
slot right in there now Thai fighters
regardless of the pilot and notoriously
easy to shoot down unlike the standard
x-wing or the tied Vance like the one
Darth Vader pilots they have no shields
with something as small as a well-placed
laser blast or even a gentle nudge
causing them to spin out of control and
explode so to be no surprise if that's
how he ended up yeah a lot of people
have also asked if he's a stormtrooper
why doesn't he look like Jango Fett
that's a fair point but I can clear that
up there's a big difference between a
storm trooper and a clone trooper clone
troopers were mainly used during the
Clone Wars but we're gradually phased
out for a number of reasons
after the Kamino uprising which I'm not
gonna get into because it's it's just
clones fighting clones let's just it's a
whole other thing who cares
anyways after that the Emperor then
decided that it was too dangerous to
just use one template for every soldier
due to the possibility of corruption
also and there is conflicting
information on this clones are sometimes
said to live accelerated lifespans hence
a shorter
period of usefulness you know like that
Jack disease from the movie Jack so
these guys were gradually phased out
meaning that stormtroopers are generally
made up of original clone troopers a
variety of different clones and just
regular dudes john boyega's character is
most likely not a clone but merely
someone recruited by whatever is left of
the empire
I'd say also these new stormtroopers
here they're probably also recruits you
know just based on their different
heights alone the character also is
rumored to be force sensitive and will
possibly be trained under Luke Skywalker
at some point but that remains to be
seen here we have Daisy Ridley's
character thought to be the daughter of
Han and Leia who for some reason spends
her days salvaging scrap metal on what
looks like Tatooine she's made her home
here inside a fallen Imperial Walker
this droid probably belongs to her as
most likely does these podraces behind
it her clothing also looks to be cobbled
together from various sources with the
goggles possibly coming off an original
stormtrooper helmet no I didn't notice
it's the first time around but you can
see this object strapped to the side of
a speeder now it could just be a piece
of scrap or a rifle of some kind or a
cutting tool but it's been theorized
that it could be some kind of lightsaber
pike it's not actually in the next shot
so whatever it is it's clearly something
she'll make use of in the film if she is
Han and Leia's daughter it's safe to
assume that she would also be force
sensitive rumor has it that she and John
boyega meet up after he crashes in the
desert they come across Luke Skywalker's
old lightsaber and then they set off
across the galaxy to find him or
whatever as for this guy played by Oscar
Isaac well we don't know much about him
at all other than while he's clearly a
rebel pilot he's supposed to be like the
new Han Solo type character whose role
was said to be expanded after Harrison
Ford broke his leg on set as for who
this is I I just really don't know I'd
say by this person's size that it's
probably Adam drivers character though
there's been those who believe it could
be Donald Gleason or even Gwendoline
Christie I do have some additional
thoughts on who this might be
but they're kind of half-baked and not
very good so I'm just gonna sit on those
for the time being because they're
probably not even close and I'll end up
sounding like an idiot well you know a
bigger idiot as for where the original
cast are yeah we don't really know that
either
they're obviously weren't seen in the
trailer though it's very possible han
Solo is piloting the Millennium Falcon
though it's also been rumored that he
isn't in possession
the falcon at the start of the movie
that its new owner is Oscar Isaac and
that Han Solo now commands his own super
stardestroyer nothing has been said of
Leia beyond pure speculation and Luke is
said to either have been held captive
since shortly after Return of the Jedi
or in some kind of Yoda style self-exile
either way it's rumored that no one has
seen him for a very long time alright
that's about it now if you liked this
one I check on my podcast the weekly
planet we cover all sorts of movie stuff
I'll link that below if you care but I'd
love to know who are you more excited to
see in Episode seven the old cast or the
new leave your thoughts below if you
want there's plenty of room for them
possibly an infinite amount who's to say
alright thanks everyone
take care